Translate #1161 (#1174)
grammyjs/website: site/docs/hosting/comparison.md

| Fly                    | Free       | $1.94/mo subscription for shared-cpu-1x and 256 MB RAM, $0.02/GB network                                   | [3 shared-cpu-1x 256mb VMs, 160GB/mo, 3GB storage](https://fly.io/docs/about/pricing/)             | ✅                                                                                       | ✅                                             | ❓                                                |                                                                                                  |
| DigitalOcean Functions | Free       | $1.85/100K GB-s                                                                                            | [90K GB-s/mo](https://docs.digitalocean.com/products/functions/details/pricing/)                   | ✅                                                                                       | ❌                                             | ❓                                                |                                                                                                  |

> | Cloudflare Workers     | Free       | $5/10M req                                                                                                 | [Up to 30s of CPU time per request](https://workers.cloudflare.com/)                               | ❌                                                                                       | [✅](https://denoflare.dev/)                   | ✅                                                |                                                                                                  |

Author: ```suggestion
| Cloudflare Workers     | Free       | $5/10M req                                                                                                 | [Up to 30 s of CPU time per request](https://workers.cloudflare.com/)                               | ❌                                                                                       | [✅](https://denoflare.dev/)                   | ✅                                                |                                                                                                  |
```
